[doc] Dynamic Reclaim (#1245)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/workload.md

the Job API. But any custom workload API can integrate with Kueue by
creating a corresponding Workload object for it.

## Dynamic Reclaim

> It's a mechanism allowing a currently Admitted workload to release a part of it's Quota Reservation that is no longer needed. This is done via the `ReclaimablePods` status field, which should enumerate the number of pods for which the Quota Reservation is no longer needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a mechanism allowing a currently Admitted workload to release a part of it's Quota Reservation that is no longer needed.
Job integrations communicate this information by setting the `reclaimablePods` status field, enumerating the number of pods per podset for which the Quota Reservation is no longer needed.
```

Author: done
